# USCIS status check
USCIS status check from USCIS

# Privacy
The code respects your privacy, all it requires is case ids and it pulls case status for you.

## How to read the Receipt Number ?
The USCIS Receipt notice generated is sent to applicants as ‘Form I-797C, Notice of Action‘. 
The top of the receipt notice indicates this form number and details. The I-797C form generated has an indication on it that says ‘Notice Type‘ as ‘Receipt Notice‘, which confirms that it is a USCIS Receipt Notice.
The Receipt notice also has details about the application or case type, the received date, receipt number, applicant name, and other important information. 

The applicant or attorney, who files the application with USCIS gets the physical copy of the receipt notice mailed to them.

USCIS receipt number that is generated by the USCIS online case management system is based on a set of criteria to indicate where it is being processed, when it was filed, etc. It is a 13-digit number. The receipt number always starts with 3 alphabets like LIN, MSC, EAC, WAC, etc. It is followed by a 10-digit number.
Center list:

EAC – Eastern Adjudication Center (now known as Vermont Service Center)

IOE – USCIS online account (efile)

LIN – Lincoln Service Center (now known as Nebraska Service Center)

MSC – Missouri Service Center (now known as National Benefits Center)

SRC – Southern Regional Center (now known as Texas Service Center)

WAC – Western Adjudication Center (now known as California Service Center)

YSC – Potomac Service Center

USCIS Receipt Number has two main formats. The format depends on the filing location of the application or petition with USCIS as listed below :

### (i). USCIS Service Centers - (shortname as SC)
Receipt Number Format : XXX-XX-XXX-5-XXXX
Example : EAC-21-123-5-0345 (This is: Center-Year-Day-Code-Series)

### (ii). USCIS Lockbox Location - (shortname as LB)
Receipt Number Format : XXX-XX-9-XXX-XXXX
Example : MSC-22-9-001-2345 (This is: Center-Year-Code-Series-SubSeries)
